INFP (introversion, intuition, feeling, perception). 

1)Introversion: Introversion is a personality trait characterized by a focus on internal feelings rather than on external sources of stimulation.
2)Intuition: It is the ability to know something without analytic reasoning, bridging the gap between the conscious and non-conscious parts of our mind.
3)Feeling
4)Perception: The perceptual process is a sequence of steps that begins with the environment and leads to our perception of a stimulus and action in response to the stimulus. 

The INFP personality type is often described as an "idealist" or "mediator" personality. 
People with this kind of personality tend to be introverted, idealistic, creative and driven by high values. 
People with this personality type spend a lot of time exploring their own purpose in life and thinking about how they can use their skills and talents to best serve humanity.

Cognitive Functions:

Dominant: Introverted Feeling
INFPs experience a great depth of feelings, but as introverts they largely process these emotions internally. 
While these emotions are strong, they tend not to express them outwardly, which is why they can sometimes be mistaken as aloof or unwelcoming.

Auxiliary: Extraverted Intuition
INFPs explore situations using imagination and 'what if' scenarios, often thinking through a variety of possibilities before settling on a course of action. 
They focus on the "big picture" and things will shape the course of the future. 

Tertiary: Introverted Sensing
When taking in information, INFPs create vivid memories of the events. 
They will often replay these events in their minds to analyze experiences in less stressful settings. 
Such memories are usually associated with strong emotions, so recalling a memory can often seem like reliving the experience itself.

Inferior: Extraverted Thinking
This cognitive function involves organizing and making sense of the world in an objective and logical manner.
While this is a largely unconscious influence in the INFPs personality, it can show itself in times of pressure. 
When faced with stress, an INFP might become suddenly very pragmatic and detail-oriented, focusing on logic rather than emotion. 
Because they are typically ruled more by intuition and emotion, INFPs can sometimes struggle to feel productive and efficient. 
Learning to develop the extraverted thinking function can help people with this personality type create a better sense of balance.

Personal Relationships:
People with this personality type care deeply about other people, yet as introverts they can be difficult to know. 
They do tend to become very close and deeply committed to the few that they forge close relationships with.
They also dislike conflict and try to avoid it. 
When conflicts or arguments do arise, they usually focus more on how the conflict makes them feel rather than the actual details of the argument. 
During arguments, they might seem overly emotional or even irrational. 
However, they can also be good mediators by helping the people involved in a conflict identify and express their feelings.
It can be difficult for other people to get to know INFPs. 
They tend to be quite devoted to their circle of close friends and family and place a high importance on the feelings and emotions of their loved ones.

Career Paths:
INFPs typically do well in careers where they can express their creativity and vision. 
While they work well with others, they generally prefer to work alone. 
INFPs tend to be very creative, artistic, and spiritual. 
Because they have strong ethics and values, they also become passionate about advocating or defending their beliefs.